feat(core): set (default) stack termination protection on (parent) stage level (#33239)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/core/README.md

stack.terminationProtection = true;
```

> You can also set termination protection via any parent stage and it will be inherit by all child stacks (unless overridden on stack level):
> ```ts
> const stage = new Stage(app, 'StageName', {
>   terminationProtection: true,
> });
> const stack = new Stack(stage, 'StackName', {});
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set termination protection via any parent stage and it will be inherited by all child stacks (unless overridden on stack level):

```ts
const stage = new Stage(app, 'StageName', {
  terminationProtection: true,
});
const stack = new Stack(stage, 'StackName', {});
```
```
